CS Falcon - Reopen incident statuses (#34675)
demisto/content: Packs/CrowdStrikeFalcon/ReleaseNotes/1_13_10.md

#### Integrations

##### CrowdStrike Falcon

> - Added a new parameter **Reopen Statuses** to the integration configuration. It will represent the Crowdsrike Falcon statuses that will reopen an incident in XSOAR if it is closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a new parameter **Reopen Statuses** to the integration configuration, representing the Crowdsrike Falcon statuses that will reopen an incident in XSOAR if closed.
```
